Fix 2019-05-09-templating-engine.adoc links (#6863)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2019/05/2019-05-09-templating-engine.adoc

A __Pipeline Configuration Repository__ is used to store common configurations and pipeline templates inherited by teams. 

> This link:https://github.com/steven-terrana/example-jte-configuration[example Pipeline Configuration Repository] will later be configured as part of a link:https://jenkinsci.github.io/templating-engine-plugin/2.5.3/developer/jenkins-config/governance-tiers/[Governance Tier]: the mechanism in JTE that allows you to build hierarchical configurations representing your organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This link:https://github.com/steven-terrana/example-jte-configuration[example Pipeline Configuration Repository] will later be configured as part of a link:https://jenkinsci.github.io/templating-engine-plugin/2.5.3/reference/governance-tier/[Governance Tier]: the mechanism in JTE that allows you to build hierarchical configurations representing your organization. 
```

==== Step 6: Configure the Governance Tier in Jenkins

> Now that we have a link:https://github.com/steven-terrana/example-jte-configuration[Pipeline Configuration Repository] and a link:https://github.com/steven-terrana/example-jte-libraries[Library Source Repository], we can configure a link:https://jenkinsci.github.io/templating-engine-plugin/2.5.3/developer/jenkins-config/governance-tiers/[Governance Tier] in Jenkins:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have a link:https://github.com/steven-terrana/example-jte-configuration[Pipeline Configuration Repository] and a link:https://github.com/steven-terrana/example-jte-libraries[Library Source Repository], we can configure a link:https://jenkinsci.github.io/templating-engine-plugin/2.5.3/reference/governance-tier/[Governance Tier] in Jenkins:
```
